Personnel is inferior to princes
In vain for my people
Fundamental adults
What do you think of my performance?
Your land of Liaoning has allowed me to unify Daxia
You musicians are the top of the hundred
And my Bai family Bai family
My Wang family is also willing to be a cow and a horse
Hey, don't worry.
As long as you are obedient
Performing well requires your benefits
Children dare to prostitute Ge Changjun
Hurry up and put an end to the seduction of these great immortals
Hi.
Poor building man
Then you will see
What is true emptiness?
So many years
No one has ever been able to wear clothes that have drifted past Changjun
You are dead
Are you really sure?
No matter whether he is Park Buchang or the retreating Noah
deity
The Korean Bureau can be destroyed
18?